Princess Diana's death was a strange affair altogether.
I mean, the death itself was a terrific tragedy.
But the concentration of what on this sort of emotion in the streets was, I don't know, weird.
Whether we concentrated too much on things like the flowers and the media went to town well and truly.
I was sorry for the royal family in some ways because they were not conditioned for this sort of...
I won't say what the emotion wasn't genuine, it was, but there was this, I don't know,
a sense of artificiality about the whole thing.
You were looking at something that really you weren't belonging to.
You were watching a film all the time.
And people were making impassioned speeches one way and the other, and then the funeral was a nightmare.
I found the funeral very difficult to watch.
Very difficult.
I felt we had intruded upon something that we should not have intruded upon.
I felt sorry for everybody concerned.
Very, very sorry for them.
And we all, everybody glued to the television, lapping up every change of mood and everything that anybody said or did.
And the camera can be very cruel on times.
It catches you inadvertently, you know, and faces change.
Very, very difficult to cope with.
And do you think the death actually made people vote in a different way?
I think so.
I think we were sobered up a bit and we started to think seriously.